1. Choose a place you go to often that is important to you and explain why it is important. Please include specific details in your explanation.


[met best friend] [provide a good education]

The place I often go to is the school. It is important to me. First of all, I met my best friend, Tony.  Tony and I both have the same hobby. We both like programming. We used to stay up late to develop applications.  Gradually, We became the closest friends. Until now he usually helps me to get out of troubles. Secondly,  the school has provided me a  good education. It has not only given me many professional skills but also taught me how to deal with troubles. I am grateful to my school. So the school is important to me. 

2. What characteristics do you think to make someone a good parent? Explain why these characteristics are important to you.

[communication] [attention]

Firstly,  good communication is quite necessary. It enables parents to   understand  better and connect with their children. It is the key to build self-esteem  as well a mutual respect, which can foster environments where problem-solving and creative ideas can thrive. Secondly, it is also important that the parent should pay more attention to their children. It is an important way to know about their children's mental activities, which can timely prevent their children from mental defective. 

3. What do you miss most about your home when you are away? Use specific details in your explanation.

[my sister]

When I am away, what I miss most is my younger sister， because she is so cute and smart. My sister is six years old. She often says, 'I am an adult.' The words she said always make us happy. She told me that she wanted to grow up quickly very much, and aslo asked me how she can achieve her dream. I just smile. Now I am working in another city. We have to meet once a year. So I have no enough chances to talk to her.

4. Talk about a place you enjoyed going or visiting when you were a child. Describe the place. Explain why you enjoyed it.

5. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Why or why not? Use details and examples to explain your answer. It is more important to study math or science than it is to study art or literature.

6. Many universities now offer academic courses over the Internet. However, some people still prefer learning in traditional classrooms. Which do you think is better? Explain why.

7. Some students prefer to work on class assignments by themselves. Others believe it is better to work in a group. Which do you prefer? Explain why.

8. Some college students choose to take courses in a variety of subject areas in order to get a broad education. Others choose to focus on a single subject area in order to have a deeper understanding of that area. Which approach to course selection do you think is better for students and why?

9. Some people believe that television has had a positive influence on society. Others believe it has had a negative influence on society. Which do you agree with and why? Use details and examples to explain your opinion.

10. Talk about a photograph or painting you have seen that was memorable. Explain what you liked or disliked about it.

11. State whether you agree or disagree with the following statement. Then explain your reasons, using specific details in your explanation.Learning through online courses is more effective than learning in the traditional classroom setting.

12. Some people enjoy taking risks and trying new things. Others are not adventurous: they are cautious and prefer to avoid danger. Which behavior do you think is better? Explain why.

13. Talk about a time when a friend or family member helped you in the past. Describe how the person helped you. Then explain why this was important to you.

14. Some people think that family members are the most important influence on young adults. Others believe that friends are the most important influence. Which do you agree with? Explain why.

15. Talk about an important experience that you recently had. Describe what happened and explain why it was important to you.

16. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Use details and examples to explain your answer.All children should be required to learned a second language in school.

17. Talk about a time when you accomplished something you didn't think you could do.What did you accomplish? Why did you think you couldn't do it?

18. Students have to complete various types of academic assignments in school. Choose one of the assignments below and explain why you think it is beneficial for students. Research paper Class presentation Group project

I think class presentation is a very beneficial way of doing academic assignment because of two reasons. First, doing class presentation can cultivate confidence and make students more communicative. This is something very important for one’s future career development. I know most successful people throughout history have the above characteristics. Second, when you do presentation, you are open to feedbacks from the whole class, and then you can quickly correct mistakes and adopt suggestions. This is typically useful to students who are not communicative to others and have no idea of the problems they are probably encountering.



